Networking content update (#188)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking.md

weight: 35
---

> This page explains how CoreDNS, the Traefik Ingress controller, Network Policy Controller and Klipper service load balancer work within K3s.

Reviewer: Oxford comma. Also, I think we're not calling stuff Klipper so much any more.
```suggestion
This page explains how CoreDNS, Traefik Ingress controller, Network Policy controller, and ServiceLB load balancer controller work within K3s.
```

Author: thanks!
